DEVX-1964: Move demo README markdown to docs: CCloud client: csharp (#715)
confluentinc/examples: clients/docs/includes/client-example-prerequisites.rst

> - This tutorial can be used to any |ak-tm| cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use this tutorial with a |ak| cluster in any environment:
```

>   - in `Confluent Cloud <https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.clients-ccloud>`__

Reviewer: do you intentionally want this tracking content in the URL?

```suggestion
  - In `Confluent Cloud <https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.clients-ccloud>`__
```

>   - on your local host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - On your local host
```

>   - to any other remote |ak| cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Any remote |ak| cluster
```

- If you are running on |ccloud|, you must have access to a `Confluent Cloud <https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.clients-ccloud>`__ cluster

>   - The first 20 users to sign up for `Confluent Cloud <https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.clients-ccloud>`__ and use promo code ``C50INTEG`` will receive an additional $50 free usage (`details <https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud-promo-disclaimer/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.clients-ccloud>`__).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The first 20 users to sign up for `Confluent Cloud <https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.clients-ccloud>`__ and use promo code ``C50INTEG`` will receive an additional $50 free usage (`details <https://www.confluent.io/confluent-cloud-promo-disclaimer/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.clients-ccloud>`__)
```
